DOCS-8473 Salesforce Connector 10.3 (#905)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: salesforce/10.3/modules/ROOT/pages/salesforce-connector-reference.adoc

| Headers a| Map&#60;String, Object&#62; | Declares the request headers to use with this operation  |  |
| Read Timeout a| Number | Specifies the amount of time, in the unit defined in readTimeoutUnit, that the connector waits for a response before it times out. |  |
| Time unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A time unit that qualifies the readTimeout |  |
| Target Variable a| String | Name of a variable that stores the operation's output |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression that evaluates the operation's output. The expression outcome is stored in the target variable. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Array of <<MergeResult>>
|===

==== Limitations

* The only supported object types are:
** Lead
** Contact
** Account
** Person Account
** Individual 

> Only objects of the same type can be merged. For example, Leads can be merged only with Leads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only objects of the same type can be merged. For example, merge Leads only with Leads.
```

> * The Merge Multiple operation allows users to specify a list of a maximum of 200 Merge Requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Merge Multiple operation enables you to specify a list of a maximum of 200 Merge Requests.
```
